[docs] Add Turn investigation to Report or Case (#63)
OpenCTI-Platform/docs: docs/usage/pivoting.md

You can also download all the content of your investigation graph in a **Report** stix bundle (investigation is automatically converted).

![Investigation export](assets/investigation-export.png)

## Turn your investigation to Report or Case

You can turn your investigation to :
- a grouping
- an incident response
- a report
- a request for information
- a request for takedown

![investigation-turn-to-report-or-case.png](assets/investigation-turn-to-report-or-case.png)

Either, you create a new report or case
![investigation-turn-to-report-or-case-dialog-new-entity.png](assets/investigation-turn-to-report-or-case-dialog-new-entity.png)

![investigation-turn-to-report-or-case-dialog-new-entity-form.png](assets/investigation-turn-to-report-or-case-dialog-new-entity-form.png)

Or, you select an existing entity
![investigation-turn-to-report-or-case-dialog-entity-selection.png](assets/investigation-turn-to-report-or-case-dialog-entity-selection.png)

![investigation-turn-to-report-or-case-dialog-entity-selection-add.png](assets/investigation-turn-to-report-or-case-dialog-entity-selection-add.png)

> Once you have clicked on the `ADD` button, the browser will be redirected to the `Knowledge` tab of your new entity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have clicked on the `ADD` button, the browser will be redirected to the `Knowledge` tab of the Report or Cases you added the content of your investigation. If you added it to multiple reports or cases, you will be redirected to the first of the list.
```
